Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
WANTED: PABLO ESCOBAR GAVIRIA
$100.000 REWARD
Now more than ever
is the time for solidarity.
You make the mistakes.
and then you preach solidarity?
- Shut up. fag.
- What the fuck. Carlos?
Why are you always defending him?
Did he get your sister
back for you or not?
We rescued her
because we did it together. Right?
Gentlemen...
I suggest we form another organization
to fight against
this injustice of extradition.
Like John Lennon said.
- "Come together. hermanos y hermanas--"
- Stop that fag shit now.
So Jorge...
what will we call it?
Next!
Fire!
The gringos are the ones
who use the drugs.
So why are we the ones
who need to be extradited?
I mean. all of the problems
are because of those imperialist gringos!
No. stay there. Stay there.
"Better a grave in Colombia
than a grave in the United States."
I've got it. Fabio. I've got it.
Let's see...
"Better a grave in Colombia
than a cell in the United States."
- What do you think?
- I love it.
Very good.
And for $50.000 more.
we'll make your logo.
Done.
THE EXTRADITABLES
If you speak in favor of extradition.
you will be their puppet.
and that will be your death sentence.
I don't care about the Americans. but I am
still going to support extradition.
Besides. if the gringos want to take away
all the goddamn killers of this country.
then let them take them.
Defendants. please rise.
You've been convicted of cocaine traffic
in Colombia and indicted in the US.
You will immediately be turned over
to the DEA for extradition to America.
- Thank you for seeing me. General.
- You're welcome.
Listen. I have General Gomez
assigned to the operation against Pablo.
With all due respect. General Jaramillo.
I propose Horacio Carrillo.
But Carrillo only acts on his own orders.
He doesn't follow anyone.
Well. I don't want him to follow.
I want him to lead.
Go ahead.
Yes. General.
As you wish.
Understood.
What happened. honey?
Things with work.
At what time does Horacio arrive
to have dinner with us?
I'm making the chicken he likes.
but he's out with the girlfriend.
Tell me what's wrong.
They want me to catch Pablo Escobar.
The Ochoas aren't happy at all.
They are saying that
since you've become a wanted man.
bribing the police
has become very costly.
They want to renegotiate
the price of our routes.
When it came to me killing
to get their sister back. well. then...
I didn't hear them complaining.
did I?
Yeah. The problem is that
it is one thing to kill communists
- and another to kill politicians.
- So what now?
What I would do better is to increase
the payments to the police. you know?
And most of all. to the top brass.
We're already giving too much money
to those bastards.
Oh. shit. What's that?
Is it snowing or what?
Egrets from the Himalayas.
It took two years
to train them to stay there.
They cost me a million dollars.
Bastards.
Stay in the fucking tree!
Seems like you lost that dough.
eh. cousin?
The thing is.
that's your problem. Pablo.
You think that everything
can be controlled.
but it turns out that nature
cannot be controlled.
OK. OK. OK. Gustavo. OK.
Hand me that coffee.
But you do know where he is hiding.
don't you?
Look. little brother...
I know it scares the shit out of you
that Pablo will kill you.
But I will also kill you.
And very slowly.
Pablo is going to kill me more slowly.
Well. then. you should pray we find him.
and quickly.
Boss!
Poison...
They were headed for El Bizcocho.
but they got off the main highway.
- They're already on their way here.
- How far are they?
Two hours. boss.
Round up the guys.
and tell them to get ready.
- We're leaving.
- All right.
We have to go.
Go where?
The police are coming.
- But Pablo. I've been cooking for hours.
- I'm sorry. my love.
- but we need to leave now.
- What about our things? Our clothes?
We'll buy new ones later. won't we?
I'm sorry.
Do you hear me complaining?
Whenever you are with us. Pablo.
I'm prepared to do whatever it takes.
Bring all of the boxes here.
Cangrejo! Go to Pablo's room
and see if anything is in there.
Efrain!
The two blue notebooks
are the only ones I'm taking.
Search the whole house to make sure
that not a single loose document remains.
What's wrong. Gustavo?
You fucked us. Pablo.
Not only you and me.
You fucked the whole family.
But of course. since you needed
to present yourself to Congress...
since you want to be president
of this motherfucking country.
the rest of us get screwed.
isn't that right?
But what the fuck...
a man only dies once. right?
Come here.
My brother.
I'm going to let you sit
next to the pilot. Come on. come on.
There we go.
These are from
the narcos' account in Miami.
A cashier's check
payable to "Ellis McPickle."
Yes.
I've heard that name mentioned
in some of the narco wiretap transcripts.
Obviously. it's an alias.
No Colombian would go by the name
"Ellis McPickle."
He's not Colombian.
He's an American pilot who transports
tons of cocaine for the cartel.
A gringo?
- What's his name?
- We don't know.
But we do know that Gustavo
frequently mentions "McPickle."
Suarez. do you ever worry
what would happen to you
if Pablo finds out
that you work for both sides?
- I'm on your side.
- Yeah?
Prove it.
What else can you tell me about McPickle?
We have his photograph
in some of our files.
Maybe you should check with the CIA.
He started his career with them.
Until next time.
Hi. Vanessa.
There's no way out. Carlitos.
You're going to Disneyland.
Gentlemen?
Thank you.
What happened to Carlos was terrible.
But I have already presented a motion
before the Supreme Court of Colombia
against the legality of extradition.
They are examining it this week
at the Palace of Justice.
Can we buy someone in that court?
Unfortunately. no.
It's the only institution in this country
that is incorruptible.
Let's pray that the ruling
comes out in our favor.
Brother... even after he's dead.
Carlos still has a sentence
of 135 years in prison.
He's totally fucked.
This is gringo bullshit.
That happened to him for speaking
about the revolution on the radio.
We're next. aren't we?
You're right.
Pablito.
Do you have an answer or what?
Well... in my opinion. a jail
in the United States is worse than death.
We can never forget
what happened to Carlos.
Carlos was one of us.
Fabio is right.
The Americans are fucking us.
But remember.
they want someone more than they want us.
So. brothers...
it's time to give them what they want.
isn't it?
I didn't think our paths
would cross again.
It's not so simple. you know?
It's risky.
It's going to require
more men and weapons.
There will be casualties.
I understand what you want.
How much are we talking about?
Two million US dollars.
It's too dangerous.
Fighting a revolution
comes with sacrifice.
It goes without saying.
dangerous or not.
For us. brother...
it is our duty to fight to the very end.
We have an historical obligation.
We can't ignore it.
Meet Pablo Escobar.
Miss.
- OK.
- We have a deal.
You got it.
We were just leaving.
Good night.
What the hell is this?
Why are you meeting with Escobar?
We made an agreement.
Obviously about money.
In exchange for what?
Unless you are willing to be part of it.
I cannot say.
It's a partnership.
necessary for the revolutionary fight.
I fight for the people...
not for drug traffickers.
They're looking for us everywhere.
What did you expect?
That it would be any different?
You did a very good job.
You can't imagine how much
this is going to help our cause.
No. brother.
The truth is. you helped mine.
You. Ivan...
gave me the sword of Simón Bolívar.
The same one that freed this country.
Now it belongs to you.
With it. you will continue the fight...
to free this country.
I promise you. I will continue the fight.
You earned it. brother.
As for me...
I'll be in Panama until this blows over.
We are also--
Make sure you grab the briefcase.
And the fucking sword.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-